hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here when I did my video but the
MacBook Air I talked about how if you
were on the market for a thin and light
ultra book for like a premium well-built
one the Windows laptops just had better
options right better value right now at
the end of 2018 and this right here is
probably the best example of a well
valued premium ultra book this is the
new Zen book from Asus it comes in a 13
14 and a 15 inch screen this particular
model is a 14 inch screen and I think
it's probably the best kind of form
factor and best of the bunch so because
this thing has such thin bezels this
device has a very small footprint for a
fortune inch screen because usually a
device with this kind of footprint would
have slightly thicker bezels and the
screen would be a 13 inch screen but
thin bezels fortunate screen so this
screen is a 1080p panel it's not super
high res but it's very crisp colors are
good brightness is good and despite
having such thin bezels the webcam is
still up top so you get a normal-looking
image another thing I liked about this
laptop is the keyboard so when you open
the lid the keyboard on the back of it
tilts up a few millimeters they call it
ergo lift and it's something that I like
but it's a very slight tilt I think it's
only like 2 or 3 degrees if you don't
like tilted keyboards for whatever
reason then you may not like it but it
also helps with thermals which I'll get
into later but I personally like this
typing experience keyboard later is also
nice and it's a keyboard I think most
people will enjoy quite quickly so this
trackpad it uses winners precision it's
a great trackpad glass surface but it
also has this feature where when you
click the top right corner this keypad
lights up now asus is showing off this
feature in a lot of the marketing
materials and it's cool like it looks
really cool but functionally I don't
know if it's quite there yet so the
biggest issue I have with it is speed
because if you're gonna use a
traditional keypad like this you're
gonna use it because you want to input
your numbers quicker and because it uses
touch input you can only go so fast
before it occasionally misses some of
the buttons that you're pressing and I
actually found it faster to just use the
numbers at the top of the keyboard
instead of this keypad I mean it looks
really cool and the ideas neat and maybe
with software they can tweak a few
things but in its current state it feels
a little gimmicky to me not to say that
the whole product is a gimmick but just
that one feature is not as cool as I
thought it would be it has a
selection of ports the one I would say
was missing is fundable 3 so it has a
use PC port but it just doesn't support
Thumba 3 and in addition to not
supporting Thunderbolt 3
it also doesn't support charging via PC
and I feel like on a device like this
like he really would've been awesome if
it supported use PC charging the one
that include is a barrel plug but even
if you have a compatible adapter that
would charge use PC devices like laptops
and stuff it doesn't work on this port
on the inside we're looking at soldered
on RAM and a Wi-Fi card but you can
replace the nvme if you want
the cpu that they're using in here is
actually the new whiskey lake 8th gen
CPU so this is a little bit better than
the KB lake ones it's just a little bit
faster clock speed that's like the big
difference between this and Kb Lake so
this goes to 4.6 gigahertz on boost the
battery is a 50 watt hours I'm not sure
what they're advertising but I got eight
a little bit over 8 hours with the
screen at 215 it's on a regular Wi-Fi
test speakers these are great speakers a
lot of those n books have surprisingly
good sounding speakers they're never in
a great position like they're always on
the bottom of the laptops but they sound
good the performers on the Zenbook is
pretty good it's running a 4 core CPU
but it's also running an MX 150 a 2
gigabyte video card that's decent for
light gaming like you're not gonna get
amazing frame rates with it but it's
better than a lot of ultra books that
are just using the integrated intel
graphics and thermally it's also a good
performer it doesn't get super hot it
doesn't get too loud it fits the
Ultrabook genre quite well like you can
bring this to work to school like no
one's gonna complain about noise or
anything like that the build quality
this machine is good but it's not as
good as a MacBook I still feel like the
mac books have some of the best-looking
and best finished laptops on the market
but this is quite good it's not a
unibody construction it's clearly panels
but it is well built now this is a
device that starts at $1000 and for that
money I feel like you're getting a lot
of really good stuff it's great
performance well-built it's got that
keypad thing if you're interested in
that I think that it's hard to find this
kind of value with this kind of build
quality anywhere else and if you look at
the MacBook Air not that I'm trying to
trash that product or anything but if
you're kind of like you know should I
get a MacBook Air or something else this
is a very good alternative just don't be
drawn into that keypad because I mean it
looks cool but it's not that cool ok
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it
subs we loved it see you guys next time